
# ADS Welcome and Antioch Introduction

The Bible talks about preserving the testimony of God, so what I'm sharing about Antioch has nothing to do with a boast that we're are anything, but I want people to know what God has done in our midst and the identity that God has given us over the last 30 to 40 years.

I'm going to share our story, how Antioch was founded, things like that, and then I'm going to talk about who God has said we are.

So there's a guy named Jimmy Seibert and he is the one, with Jesus being the cornerstone, who helped start Antioch churches. He came to know Jesus in high school, and then in college, he decided one summer "What if I just read a chapter of the Bible a day and do one thing in obedience to it?" So he took a whole summer and just started doing that. The first day, he talks about how he was in his car on the way home from college and he read a passage, and he felt like God said "get rid of the music you have", so he started throwing CDs out the window of his car. He thought "Okay, if I need to get rid of it, I'll get rid of it right now", so he threw it out the window. He spent a whole summer doing that and he said that about two weeks in he had no money, and owned basically nothing else because of how challenging it was to actually do the bible.

After that though he thought "wow this stuff is really powerful; this stuff actually works". So he was going to a church called Highland Baptist Church, in Waco, Texas. They were walking in the power of the Holy Spirit and it was new to him but he was interested in it. He had some people pray for him to be baptized in the Holy Spirit, doesn't really feel anything but he thanks them anyway, but he started studying the book of Acts. He decided one day "I'm going to lock myself in my room until the Lord baptizes me in the Holy Spirit". So he locked himself in his room for hours, and he has a moment where the Lord shows up, baptizes him in the Holy Spirit, he starts speaking in tongues, and it changed his life.

So he goes to church one day and there are some missionaries there from Papua New Guinea, and they're seeing if anyone wants to come and do missions with them that summer. Jimmy and two other friends of his, one guy and one girl, decide "We'll go with you this summer and do missions". They decided to go without knowing how crazy for the Lord this missionary was. So these three show up in Papua New Guinea, and they're going jungle to jungle and on canoes into jungles. 

One of the stories Jimmy always highlights is that one time they're about to go preach the gospel at a town that had some hostility to Jesus, and the missionary said to them when the three were expressing their concerns, "Hey, that's the spirit of fear; get rid of that fear and we're leaving tomorrow morning." So they started praying. They were praying for three or four hours that night, and they keep going back back to where it says "You have not been given a spirit of fear, but one of power, love, and a sound mind". They didn't feel like anything had changed, but they woke up the next morning and left with the missionary.

The missionary actually ended up coming down with some sickness, so he said "Y'all go do it on your own". So they go on their own to this village. They get past some of the hostility, and the village comes running out to him shouting in the tribal language. They know he's a man of God because somebody had come to them once before. So they say to Jimmy, "You will preach to us", and Jimmy says "I will preach to you". He gets up there and is thinking "God I have no idea what to say", but he just remembers from the night before, "You have not been given a spirit of fear, but one of power, love, and a sound of mind". So he gets up in front of them all, and just reads that scripture and continues to repeat it until the presence of the Jesus comes upon them. And eventually he reads it enough times that he says "Everything felt like it started to shake", and the Holy Spirit pours out on this tribe, and many of them start to pray in tongues and in the spirit; many are having encounters with God, demons are leaving, and all it was was a weak man saying "You have not been given a spirit of fear, but one of power, love, and a sound mind". That was the whole sermon.

He had many other testimonies that happened throughout that summer, and it totally changed his life. So when he came back to college, he thought "I have to do something with the students that are on our campus". So Jimmy starts doing a bible study, where he says "Let's just hear and obey and it, and see how we do". That Bible study goes from like two or three people to about 50 people and it keeps growing. And then what's funny, so he's following God, all this stuff, and then he meets his wife Laura and God's like, "Something's up with Laura." And basically in that process -- Laura wouldn't mind if I share this -- she was dealing with an eating disorder, and it was connected to a TV show she kept watching. He had a sense from the Holy Spirit something was going on there. She ends up getting delivered from a demon that had been causing this eating disorder.

Then they go through ups and downs, they get married, and they're going to this church called Highland and learning more about the power of the Holy Spirit, and how to be a disciple. After he graduates college, he goes down to Houston and he's an accountant for one year, but then he just feels like there's something in him that's like, "You have to go back. You have to go back. There's something for you in Waco, Texas." So takes a step of obedience to do it. He has a lot of conversations with Laura's parents because they did not like the decision at all. But he said to them, "I promise no matter what that I will provide for your daughter. No matter what, I will go hungry as long as she gets food." And they barely approve of it.

So Jimmy and Laura go back to Waco and Jimmy feels like the Holy Spirit says, "Start a training school at this church." And he's like, "Okay." Highland says, "Hey, we love your vision, but we have no money to give you." And so he starts a training school, and the first year it has seven people in it, so with that seven people, he does a year-long program. There's nine months in Waco and then three months overseas. And in this training school, there's obviously different failures, successes, things like that, but God starts to bless this training school. And God starts to just bring more people. People encounter Jesus. They go to Irkutsk, Russia, and Siberia, and Eastern Europe after the wall falls. And in Berlin, and they just start seeing God do really powerful things. Signs and wonders, people getting delivered.

He starts doing so well that they actually promote him to their college pastor, and his first message is, "Revival or nothing." At that time, there was about 100 students in the college ministry, and over the next two years, it explodes to 800 students. On that college campus, revival started to break out and you had almost 100 people lined up to confess their sin on a stage in front of a thousand people and repent. So eventually a high-up faculty member in the university that came up and confessed homosexual sin, and another high up faculty member got mad and he ended it. He said, "This is over. No more." And so they ended that.

But what God was doing there overflowed into Jimmy's college ministry. And what really got him early on was this concept called prayer, cells, and missions. Cells would be like house church. It's a book by Yang Yi Cho from South Korea actually. So when Jimmy was learning, "How do I do college ministry? How do I do church?", he was like, "Okay, how do we do prayer, house church, and missions?" And so his focus wasn't the big services. His main focus was how do we do house church really well? How do we have house churches where the presence of Jesus is resting in power? How do we have house churches where people in the house church are learning to pray and, they're encountering Jesus and they're praying and prophesying with one another, they're learning from the scriptures.

So in that, things explode. They start doing a spring break trip where they go to Oaxaca, Mexico. They take hundreds of students there and they go preach the gospel, all this stuff. This is around 1997, so he's been there about 10 years. He's still doing the training school, but also college ministry. The guy leading the church walks in a lot of words of knowledge. So literally from the stage, the guy would tell people their address, that kind of level
of words of knowledge. But what happens is he has a character problem and they find out that he's in a homosexual
relationship. And so lots of stuff falls down and they let Jimmy take a like temporary role as the senior
pastor. So Jimmy's about 31, 32 at this point, and he's being the senior pastor.

So he starts doing stuff, but they're looking for a new senior pastor that's not Jimmy. So eventually though, around 1999, 1998, they, they're still looking for a senior pastor, but the other half of the church is like, "We think Jimmy's doing great. Why don't we just let Jimmy keep leading?" So there's these disagreements and eventually what happens there's a prophetic guy who shows up on preach on a Sunday and the middle of a sermon, he points to the elders and says, "I need to talk to all y'all after this service. There's something the Holy Spirit speaking to me. And so after the service, this, this prophetic guy, he gets the elders together and he says, "I feel the Lord saying, let my people go. There's a people here that need to go plant their own thing. And if you do that, God will bless both of you, but if you don't, this is all going to come crashing down."

So the elders decide to bless Jimmy to start his own church. And they say, "Hey, if there's anybody that feels led by God to go join Jimmy, you can do that. If not, you can stay here." And so Jimmy goes and starts his own thing, and he's very severe about unity. So he literally said to his first people that were staff, he said, "you will be fired
if you say slander or anything wrong against Highland."

So they started in a bar. They went to a country dancing bar and started having church on Sundays and they would baptize people in the horse trough. The bar would use those troughs the night before to put beer in, but on Sundays, that's what they baptize people in. So they're in this bar for like a year and a half or so, and then God highlights this old grocery store where there's a bunch of drugs, human trafficking, not good things. So it's the worst part of Waco and they buy that property. It's right in the center of the city though. And so they decide, okay, we're going to buy this building or this land with its rundown building and they don't have the money to actually restore the building. So they set up a trailer in the parking lot and they have church outside every day. And in Texas, it's really hot in the summer. So they're doing this anyways where they're doing worship on this trailer, they're setting up chairs in the parking lot, and that's how they start things until eventually
they restore this building.

And again, though, their focus, even though they have a building, is house church, prayer, and missions. We're going to be people that, if there's unreached people that don't know Jesus, we're going to send people out to them. And then from that place, what's funny is their first church plant was Boston actually, but it took them like a little bit to actually allow that because they said, "Well, how would we go to Boston? There's already Christians there. Let's go to like somewhere that has no Christians." But they prayed through it, humbled themselves a little bit and were like, "Okay, you can go to Boston."

## The Five Circles of Church

So the way that Antioch does church from all these different things is what we call the Five Circles of Church.

1. So first circle, **me and Jesus**. The first circle is every person has a devotional life of some sort, so they're not just living off of somebody else's gift, off of somebody else's teaching, but everybody learns how to spend time with Jesus. We want you to be learning from God. It says "from the least to the greatest, all will know me." \[Jeremiah 31:34\] And so everyone learns how to spend time with Jesus.

2. And then **twos and threes, and discipleship**. We want everybody to have groups of twos and threes where they're learning, and they have discipleship relationships. The difference between discipleship relationships and normal relationships is I'm not just tolerating you. It's not like "We're just living together, but like we keep our distance from one another". It's like, "No, I actually love you and I care about your obedience to Jesus. I want us to grow in love together and learn how to obey Jesus together." So Cain in the Bible, he said, "Am I my brother's keeper?" \[Genesis 4:9\] But this is where you learn, "I am my brother's keeper; I am my sister's keeper." So that actually creates a protection in relationships, not a, "You do what you want to do, I'll do what I want to do, and we'll have a good friendship." It's like, "No, I can challenge you. I can encourage you. I can correct you." And there's safety there because we know, "I'm going to forgive you no matter what because I want to grow in love.", so there's safety there.

3. And the next one, **house to house**. So when you look at the book of Acts, first time I was at the house church we read Acts 2:42-47, you see them meeting house to house consistently. What's crazy is it said "Daily they met house to house in the temple." So we get mad when like, "Well, I got to commit to like two days a week of church." The book of Acts was meeting every single day to pray, to read the Bible, so it wasn't an inconvenience to them. They were obsessed with Jesus and love with Jesus. So we do things house to house and that gives people family. If I'm just meeting on a Sunday, you can come in and out, and for all I know, you could hate God, I have no idea; I don't know you. And so you can show up on a Sunday every week, but that doesn't mean the people next to you are going to become family. So I'm not anti Sunday, but what I'm saying is in house to house, you can't hide. It's very hard to hide house to house. So it's a healthy forcing you into relationships that are family. God's house is a family, and so we meet house to house.

4. The next one is **the church gathered**. So church gathered is what we typically think of as Sundays. That's one expression of church gathered. On Sundays, we're going to worship, there's going to be teaching, we're going to pray. If you want to come to the front, respond, you can. But this is also stuff like, like we're going to do an outreach this Saturday and the whole church is invited. That would be church gathered, right? And even, we hear about even house church movements and they're like, "We don't do Sundays", all this stuff. And then I ask them, "Well, do you ever have leaders gatherings?" And they're like, "Yeah." And I say, "Okay, you still do church gathered." In the book of Acts it says they met in the temple as well \[Acts 2:46\].

5. The last one is **impact the world**. So this is many different things. This is missions, this is school, this is training school, this is carpentry, this is nursing. So impact the world is if you're a carpenter, if you're a nurse, if you're a pastor, if you like sports and want to go play sports down there with some people who don't know
Jesus, you do all those things for the glory of God. God's intention for church isn't just to be one place, it's for it to impact the whole world. He says "The knowledge of the glory of God will cover the earth like the waters come
to the sea." \[Habakuk 2:14\] And the church is his agent to release glory across the earth, so the church isn't just meant to be in one place, it's meant to be something that goes beyond just that place. It multiplies, and that's what you see in the book of Acts: they would plant something and multiply and multiply, and they go to Macedonian and they go to Rome and all over the place. So we have to have faith that Jesus wants to do that. He doesn't just want to touch my space or my town or my city or my job. He wants to touch the whole entire earth. And that's what he's designed his church to believe is, "Okay, wait, someone doesn't know Jesus in Egypt. Okay, we need to start praying for labor for Egypt because we're called to impact the whole world." "Okay, Somebody doesn't know Jesus in India. 'Jesus, raise up labor for India.'" There's an earthquake in Turkey: "Jesus send us to Turkey. We want to help." We want to see how we can help there and we can share Jesus and help practically.

This is how we see the expression of church. We are all the church, but this is the way that we express church. Me and Jesus, discipleship in twos and threes, house to house, church gathered, impact the world.

## Identity of Antioch

So with all that and the expression of Antioch, the story of Antioch, I'm going to share who is Antioch now.

One of our main phrases the Lord gave us early on is "We have a passion for Jesus and his purposes in the earth." So this phrase, if I was going to put it into scripture form, it's like your Psalms 27 for Jesus. Like David says, "One thing I ask from the LORD, this only do I seek: that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to gaze on the beauty of the LORD and to seek him in his temple."

Or it could also be like Mary. Mary knew Jesus was everything. So the first value of Antioch is Jesus is that nothing I'm talking about will work unless Jesus is everything. And so I like to call it "Jesus Alone". Nothing else to depend on, nothing else matters. If Jesus isn't loved and Jesus isn't ministered to, then we're making a manmade thing.

That's the first thing and really the most important thing. The second thing is that we're a multi-generational family on mission. So in the Bible you hear about Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. This is a example of multi generational family on mission; They had three generations of faithfulness to God. And we're not just living for three. We're living to let it go longer. But what that means is we want all the generations to be loving Jesus from the eighty year old to the two year old. We want to be a multi generational family on mission. And part of what this means too is that God says is his church is first a family.

Something we're very like particular about is we like we fully love the gifts of the spirit. We embrace them, but we're very we're very committed to seeing everybody first as a son and a daughter. No matter how gifted you are, we have to fight in our perspective to make sure you're your brother and a sister. We keep that first and we empower the gifts of the spirit. If I don't see you first as a son and daughter or brother and sister, I'm going to try to use you for the gift that's on you. That's not what we want because we're all first a family; then the person who might be really gifted can still be family to the family, but if we create an idol of that person because of their gift, then we don't treat them as family anymore. We treat them as celebrity, but the church is first a family.

We're about accountable unity more than loose networks. That's what I would even say is a helpful definition of what covenantal community is. Accountable unity, not loose networks. The way that you have that is really just by love. You have to have love in Jesus. If you're walking in love, you can have accountable unity and not loose networks.

The next thing -- this is a phrase you've had for a long time -- is we are an apostolic people whose prophetic lifestyles transform the four corners of the earth. So what does apostolic mean? This is not the only definition, though I think it's a helpful definition. It means "sent one"; sent by God. To us, this means we are sent by God and from God and for God with a message from God. That doesn't mean you're not apostolic if you're not the guy leading; what we believe makes you apostolic is you believe you're sent from God.

Just like Jesus says, he says in the Bible, "Just as the father sent me, I am sending you." \[John 20:21\] So everybody is sent by God if we believe it and live like it. Part of what that means is that saying, "Wherever I am, I believe I'm there for a purpose. What am I doing here?" Not out of doubt, but because I want to serve Jesus. I'm here for Jesus and to love people with Jesus, so what am I doing here right now? God is too good to not have purpose in everything, so there's got to be a purpose for why I'm here. That doesn't mean we're always anxious, like, "Ah, God, what are you doing? I need to know right now." It just means we want to be aware to Jesus because we want to live on mission all the time.

What does it mean to have a prophetic lifestyle? Prophetic speaks of listening and seeing God. So there's two words for prophetic in the Bible. One is `ro'e`, and it means seer. It means we're asking the Holy Spirit, "Show me what you're doing right now. Reveal to my eyes what you're doing in this moment. I want to abide in you because you said whatever you saw the father doing, you also did." So part of our abiding is to be able to see what God's doing and just do it with him. And then there's also the word `nobi` in Greek, which means like a bubbling up; bubbling up
with the word of God. To have a prophetic lifestyle, you want to be somebody that's letting God put his words in you and, then also let him put words in you just in the moment that you might not have read or studied before. But it means you're always bubbling up with the word of the Lord to encourage people to share the gospel with people, those different things. That's what it means to have a prophetic lifestyle.

And so you can see that we believe everybody can do that because John 10, it says "The
sheep hear his voice and know his voice." \[John 10:27\] Everybody can hear Jesus' voice and respond to him. So if we're on a plane, "Holy Spirit, is there something you want to do with the person next to me?" If I'm on a bus, I might be like, "God, what are you doing on the bus today? Show me something you're doing on the bus."

Even in the Old Testament, you see Samuel, he raises up these prophetic companies. He does these like schools, actually, to train up prophets and even you even see in scripture them say "there's a hundred profits
over there" or like "a hundred profits there". They had this focus on the prophetic because the Bible says "especially that you may prophesy" in 1st Corinthians 14:1, "pursue love"; 100% pursue love, you really desire
the gifts of the spirit, especially that you may prophesy. That's how we walk in a prophetic lifestyle.

That's why you even see when it comes to order in the church in Ephesians 4, it says "Christ Jesus, the cornerstone" \[Ephesians 2:20\], nothing works without Jesus as the cornerstone. For then it says first comes the apostle and the prophet and the teacher \[1st Corinthians 12:28\]; it starts to move down that order. This helps keep things multiplying when this is the forefront because you need apostolic prophetic people to plant new things.

Then four corners of the earth. That has to do with John 3:8. It says those born of the spirit are like the wind. No one knows where they coming from or where they go. We want to be a people of the Holy Spirit that know that God can do whatever He wants, whenever He wants with me, anywhere He wants. I think of Ezekiel 37:9 too, it talks about the four winds of heaven as well. So there's something about the leadership of the Holy Spirit; we want to be people that walk by the Spirit.

And then another phrase, this has been more recent one that we've been using is we're
a Psalm 27 people, which is "One thing I've asked the Lord this I will seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life gaze upon His beauty, and inquire in His temple." \[Psalm 27:4\]

Then the next one were Psalms 27 for people with a Psalms 24:7 prayer mandate, which is, in Waco we're believing God to give us the grace to pray around the clock seven days a week, 365 days a year. And Psalms 24:7 talks about the King of Glory and Him coming in having clean hands and a pure heart for a Matthew 24:14 outcome, which is "Once this gospel has been preached to all nations then the end will come." And so the return of the Lord can't happen until every nation is reached with the gospel and every person gets to hear. I added to the phrase and a Revelation 19:11 return.

Okay, I know this is like a lot of vision and things like that, but then you get to know us.

Number five, we are disciple makers. We call this our X Factor. This means we don't delegate equipping and training to stages or just the gifted, but we all take on the responsibility of teaching people to obey Jesus. No matter if you feel like you're insanely gifted in this way or you're not, we're all called to make disciples. Every person takes on the responsibility of investing in people's lives so that they can obey Jesus and learn to love Jesus. Part of what I mean by that is that again, I'm not anti-stage either. Stages are neutral to God. He has no problem with stages. But a lot of times in church culture, if most of what you do is around a event, then people learn how to come to the event, but they might not learn to obey Jesus. So the rhythm becomes, "I come to this event, I come to that event, I come to this event", what are you doing outside the event? Are you learning to obey Jesus outside the event? A lot of times our image becomes, "Okay, me growing in Jesus means I become a pastor one day, on that stage. So I've got to wait to make disciples until I can teach well and have a lot of revelation from Jesus."

But the Bible shows that obedience, actually teaching obedience requires you to have almost no revelation. You'll have a revelation because you wouldn't come to know Jesus if you didn't hear the gospel, but you don't need a lot of revelation to disciple people because it's about obeying Jesus and we can all learn how to obey Jesus, even without revelation, though we love revelation. So we are people that make disciples who make disciples who make disciples who make disciples, and we challenge people to take on that responsibility and not just live off us.

Even in discipleship, it's not like I know everything and you know nothing and I need to show you what I know. That's not what it is because that would be me discipling you to me. We don't want that. That will get really bad because people will discover all the not-good in you that they got discipled to. Our desire is that we invest in that way where there might be one person investing in two or three by saying, "Jesus, Jesus, look at Jesus. Look what the Bible says to do. Do what he says to do." So discipleship is more you actually getting out of the way, but helping people see Jesus and respond to him. Help him read his word like, "Oh," or say for example, "I'm struggling with this relationship." "Okay, what do you think is the struggle?" We talk, talk more. "Okay, do you feel like you love them still?" "No, not really." "Okay, you might have some offense in your heart. Why don't we forgive them right now together? I'll put my hand on you and let's start to pray for them and we're going to forgive them
together right now." That would be a way of teaching them to obey.

This is about helping them learn to respond to Jesus and do what he said. So I don't want to just give them advice of like, "Hey man, if you just really muster up some more things will change." No, how do I help them see what the Bible says and teach them to obey what that says? This is the question in discipleship.

We are pastors and shepherds and mothers and fathers, and we recognize there is moments needed of rest and resetting in life when we miss and fail or sovereignly by God even. What I mean by that is we believe when you start to press into that pastoral grace and that discipleship grace, that's when you get into the real brokenness of people's lives, the difficulty of those lives and that's where you grow the character and the love to walk in apostolic and prophetic grace on a higher level.

You don't have to be in a church to do that, you could be in the business world being apostolic, but to be able to carry that grace that God wants to give you, you have to develop the character on the inside, the love and the faith on the inside and that happens in that pastoral capacity where you're getting to know this person's junk and then you're helping them get out of that. You're going to be praying for them, doing deliverance with them, helping them get healed and get free and that's that place of like character growing, so that you can keep from destroying yourself under the grace of God that he has on your life, but you have powerful foundations and that's where you learn how to love one another.

At the end of the day, the best discipleship strategy is our love for one another because the Bible says all people will know where Jesus is disciples by the way we love one another. That's a crazy promise. If you don't get trained in that and after and again, I want to make it clear, you know, you do this pastoral training, learning to disciple. That doesn't mean like you stop after that. You don't say, "Oh, okay, now I'm going up the Christian ladder to apostolic prophetic and I don't have to disciple anymore." That would not be the way to read this. What I'm saying though is you get good at that stuff in that place and then you're able to be entrusted with more by Jesus.

And then this also means even when it comes to our missionaries and people we send; they are pastorally covered in prayer and by somebody in our movement. So every missions team we have has somebody either in the States or somewhere in the world that checks in with them every week and their whole job is your spiritual health so that you can make it long-term on the field and not just go out there and then destroy yourself on the field. There's somebody assigned to you to pastorally cover you, and their main job is your spiritual health and your longevity and your obedience wherever God sends you.

## Promises for the Antioch Movement

Now I'm going to talk about main promises that God spoke in our movement. The first one is Isaiah 54:2-3. This is one that's been repeated over and over and over and over throughout the years. So it says in Isaiah 54:2-3 "Enlarge the place of your tent and let the curtains of your habitations be stretched out. Do not hold back, lengthen your cords and strengthen your stakes for you will spread abroad to the right and to the left and your offspring will possess the nations and will people the desolate cities."

So this is part of the rub of being a multiplying church is this means sometimes like, like for example, to me right now. Some of my closest friends in my life are in Seattle or in Miami. I live in Waco. So even this past season, I had to bless them and let them go to those places. And I'm still really good friends with them; we talk all the time. But now I'm in Waco and my closest friends just left, and I've got to make new friends in Waco. And that's part of the stretching of the tent. To actually stretch the tent out, you have to make those relational sacrifices and believe God's actually doing that to strengthen those relationships, not to cut them off.

And so I've noticed even as I've been stretched in the season, my love for my friends in Seattle and my love for my friends in Miami actually has increased. It hasn't decreased as the distance increased. But when we see each other, it's like I hug them and it's like the fire of God just in the hug. But it's because we believe God doesn't take us to other places so that were distant from them out of evil or out of despair or because He doesn't like us, but because He actually wants to strengthen those relationships and grow them and the distance actually grows them if you keep yourself in the game.

And we believe that verse two, the enlarging of the place of your tent, all that stuff, God's done so much that the last 20 years and 20ish years, 25, I guess we're coming up on. But what God's about to do is send people to resettle desolate cities. So He's preparing, I believe He's preparing our generation to resettle desolate cities. That there's shakings and there's things coming. But when you read the Bible where the greatest harvest happened and the greatest church planning happens is actually in the middle of the desolations.

And so we, like for example, like I talked about Turkey. So we have a arm of our church called Acts of Mercy and their whole job is when a natural disaster happens, we send people there just immediately. And we say, "Okay, how can we get on the ground and help those people and preach the gospel to them?" So immediately, like when Turkey happened, it was probably within two or three days that we had people on the ground in Turkey helping every person that's lost with all these different things, helping them practically and everywhere we possibly can. Also we're sharing the gospel with people and making disciples because we know where the desolation is. That's what we're called to actually rebuild. And so when desolations happen, we send people into those places.

Another scripture that's been significant over the years is Isaiah 58:11-12. This is a fun one. So Jesus teaches to fast. It says, "And the Lord will guide you continually and satisfy your desire and scorched places and make your bones strong. And you shall be like a watered garden, like a spring of water whose waters do not fail. And your ancient ruins shall be rebuilt. You shall raise up the foundations of many generations. You shall be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of streets to dwell in." So similar to Isaiah 54 actually.

So those two are the ones Jimmy's gotten over and over again. So pointing back to kind of like the apostolic prophetic foundation, there's a guy named Joe Ewan. He'll come by here actually for the school. That's what I'm hoping for.

John 7:37-39. Starting in verse 37, it says, "On the last day of the feast, the great day, Jesus stood up and cried out, 'If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink. Whoever believes in me, as the scripture has said, out of his heart will flow rivers of living water.' Now this he said about the spirit whom those who believed in him were to receive, for as yet the spirit had not been given because Jesus was not yet glorified."

So the kind of prophetic voice in our movement, Joe Ewan, before he met Jimmy, he started three churches called the River Church. And so in part of it I think was connected to the scripture. This speaks of like, I'm never in poverty with God because there's a river. Like it's not just dripping out of my heart. It's a river. Like that's a lot of God that's just in one heart to be shared. And so we're not a people of poverty, but of riches in Jesus. We believe by faith for that; walking where there's always enough of God for everybody to have, always.

<!---
And the last thing I want to share is just a little bit of story about how we got here.
So if we go back to January 2021, me and some friends were at a house and my friend that
I'm with, he just randomly feels, I need to look up some church history.
And I'm like literally scrolling on Instagram and I'm like, all right, bro, sounds good.
I'm just sharing that.
So, you know, like the humanness of the moment.
I'm like, all right, bro, go for it.
And he like gets this up and he's like, bro, check this out.
And I'm like, what's up, bro?
And he's like, dude, I'm reading about this thing that happened in 1054.
It's called the great schism.
And it's when the Eastern Orthodox Church split from the Western Catholic Church.
And I was like, oh, wow.
For some reason that grieves me like that feels like the vision awful, you know, so interesting.
And I was reminded of scriptures like Malachi 111.
It says in the East, they'll fear my name and the West they'll see my glory.
So the scriptures speak about unity between the East and West, but there's this thing
that happened that divided the East and West, it seems like.
And then I remembered, I went to a conference two years before that, where there was a thousand
underground Chinese church leaders that were there.
And I was like, oh, this is interesting.
This is coming up with what we're talking about.
And I started talking to my friends and I'm like, I remember when I just watched them
talk to one another, I could see the love of God.
Like, and I just remember as I watched them over and over again, they're like, when one
rejoiced, they all rejoiced.
When one wept, they all cried with them.
And I was like, what do they have that I don't?
And I just remember saying in my heart, Jesus, I will die for whatever kind of love that
is.
I have to have that kind of love.
-->
